Dreams about falling from great heights are very common. According to many popular dream interpretations, falling dreams are a sign that something in your life isn't going well. It might suggest that you need to rethink a choice or consider a new direction in some area of your life.
Dreams about being naked in public. Penny Peirce, author of the Dream Dictionary for Dummies, suggests that dreaming of public nudity might indicate that you feel like a phony or that you are afraid of revealing your imperfections and shortcomings.
Dreams about being chased. Tony Crisp, author of Dream Dictionary, suggests that being chased in a dream might indicate a desire to escape from your own fears or desires. The key to understanding what such a dream might mean depends partly on the identity of your pursuer. Being chased by an animal might indicate that you are hiding from your own anger, passions, and other feelings.
Dreams about losing teeth. Dreaming about losing teeth can have multiple meanings. It might mean that you are worried about your attractiveness or appearance. It might also indicate that you are concerned about your ability to communicate or concerned that you might have said something embarrassing.
Dreams about dying. Dreaming about the death of a loved one can reflect a similar fear of change, especially with regards to children reaching milestones and growing up. Such changes, she suggests, indicate that a child is growing up and a parent's mind begins to wonder where the younger version of the child went. Such dreams of dying, therefore, reflect a sort of mourning for the inevitable passage of time.
Dreams about taking a test. Taking an exam your dreams might reveal an underlying fear of failure. "Examinations are stressful experiences in which you are made to face up to your shortcomings," he writes. "To dream of failing an exam, being late for one, or being unprepared shows that you feel unprepared for the challenges of waking life."
Dreams about infidelity. Such dreams about infidelity indicate issues with trust, loyalty, and communication in a relationship. "If you or your partner cheated in your dream, one of you isn't getting what you need from that relationship right now," they write.
Dreams about flying. Dreams about flying often represent two very different sides. On the one hand, such dreams can represent feelings of freedom and independence. On the other hand, they can also indicate a desire to flee or escape from the realities of life.
Dreams about pregnancy. Dream interpreters often suggest that dreams about pregnancy represent everything from creativity to fear. Such dreams indicate that the dreamer is developing some area of potential or deepening a relationship. Dream interpreter Russell Grant writes that these dreams presage difficult times.
